#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
addict==2.4.0
    # via modelscope
adversarial-robustness-toolbox==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
aliyun-python-sdk-core==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-kms
    #   oss2
aliyun-python-sdk-kms==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oss2
altair==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   modelscope
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
babel==2.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpustat
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cmake==3.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   triton
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
crcmod==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oss2
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-core
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
datasets==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-etcd
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
einops==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mamba-ssm
    #   modelscope
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fast-bss-eval==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   modelscope
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flask==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
gast==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
gpustat==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio==3.48.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hydra-configs-pytorch-lightning==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperpyyaml==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   speechbrain
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   yapf
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aliyun-python-sdk-core
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
json5==0.9.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-levenshtein
librosa==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
lion-pytorch==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lit==16.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   triton
llvmlite==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
mako==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
mamba-ssm==1.2.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
modelscope==1.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mamba-ssm
notebook==7.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adversarial-robustness-toolbox
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   fast-bss-eval
    #   gradio
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   modelscope
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sox
    #   soxr
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-complex
    #   torchelastic
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-ml-py==11.525.112
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpustat
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hydra-core
opencv-python==4.7.0.72
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
oss2==2.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
overrides==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   librosa
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mamba-ssm
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   speechbrain
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   modelscope
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   modelscope
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
    #   yapf
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pooch==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
prometheus-client==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpustat
    #   ipykernel
    #   wandb
ptflops==0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   modelscope
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oss2
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pytest==7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   modelscope
    #   pandas
python-etcd==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchelastic
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
python-levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pytorch-lightning==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-ranger==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch-optimizer
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   jupyter-events
    #   modelscope
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
rapidfuzz==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   levenshtein
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   modelscope
    #   oss2
    #   pooch
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
resampy==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.17.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adversarial-robustness-toolbox
    #   librosa
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adversarial-robustness-toolbox
    #   fast-bss-eval
    #   librosa
    #   modelscope
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   speechbrain
sentry-sdk==1.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adversarial-robustness-toolbox
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   oss2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sox==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
soxr==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
speechbrain==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
    #   yapf
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lion-pytorch
    #   mamba-ssm
    #   ptflops
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-ranger
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-mir-eval
    #   torch-optimizer
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchelastic
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   triton
torch-complex==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-mir-eval==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-optimizer==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchaudio==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   speechbrain
torchelastic==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adversarial-robustness-toolbox
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   modelscope
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.38.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mamba-ssm
triton==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mamba-ssm
    #   torch
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   async-lru
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
    #   python-etcd
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.24.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
wandb==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
yapf==0.40.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modelscope
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
